Knowing what you know now about convolutional autoencoders,
I'm going to challenge you to make a Denoising Autoencoder.
As we know Autoencoders don't excel at compressing images but they can learn
pretty well how to denoise them given a noisy and non noisy set to learn from.
The idea is this given an input set of
noisy data and a target set of data that's the non noisy image data,
the encoder can learn to distill important information from
the noisy image and the decoder can learn to produce a non noisy reconstruction.
After this is trained,
this whole auto encoder should be able to Denoise new test data.
In this notebook, I've given you the usual code to
load in and visualize your iMNIST data.
Then later I'm going to add this speckle noise to this data.
This way you'll have a set of noisy images for an encoder to
C and a set of target images that are without noise.
It will be up to you to define a ConvDenoiser architecture.
The architecture will be very similar to the ones we've gone through.
Only Denoising is a bit of a harder problem.
What I'd encourage you to do is actually increase the depths of our convolutional layers.
Something like starting with a depth of 32 for the depths, instead of 16.
I'd also say that it could be useful to add
one more convolutional layer to both the encoder and decoder.
Basically, more and deeper layers will give
you more parameters to recognize patterns with.
Now, I've given you our usual training loop but I've
changed some things so that I'm adding some noise to our images.
In here I'm reading in our images from
the training set and I'm adding some noise creating some noisy images.
Then I pass these noisy images to
our model as input so this is what the encoder will see.
But my loss is going to be comparing
our reconstructed images with our originals are target non noisy images.
Then you can check out the reconstructions as well.
This Denoising application is really pretty interesting,
because the Autoencoder is having to learn something about the content of
quite a noisy image and then it learns how to transform it into a non noisy version.
Now, in this case I provided
a solution notebook but I'm not going to walk you through the answer.
You're encouraged to try this out and explore on
your own before you look at the existing code.
I'd even encourage you to try to test out the limits
of just how much noise you can add to these images.
You can imagine using a similar approach for doing something like
Denoising audio signals and removing static from sound.
Go ahead and experiment with this code and when you're ready move on to the next lesson.